all right so this is part two of the
video for USB to serial communication so
these are the two USB to TTL converter
cybot from ebay and this the fcd i'll
sucking them out however this one
instead of the these um male pin headers
as an out pin out we have the sub D nine
pin sub D connector so this is a special
case but on the other side you have the
mini USB for your connector your PC so
we also have the breadboard and you need
six jumper wires to get started so on
these pin out you're concerned with only
the t XD and our our XD and also the
ground goes only three pin out that you
need so let's connect them so I'll use
black for ground and TX I'll use yellow
keeping the same color code for each
converter can help you get things set up
correctly so I've got the first one
finished do the same for the second one
Brown and this is the RX and this is TX
again you don't need to connect your
handshake or anything like that this is
all you need
so next part is to hook up to the USB
port I'm just using the USB hub to
extend a number of comport on my laptop
so hook up to my first one you're going
to your PC should detect the converter
and automatically download the drivers
for it if you will have the driver when
you purchase your converter if you're
coming with a disc that can convince the
driver so hook those two up so these are
two separate comport now so I'll hook up
the ground first my ground should be
connected to same ground so I have some
ground and this one the TX the first TX
should connect to the second or X and
vice versa
this is the Rx for the first one and
this is the TX for a second one okay so
the next part is checking your laptop
computer on your device and make sure
you know the name of this thing so this
is it this all did however you to do and
just make sure you have the RX connect
to the TX and not the same rx TRX
and grounds just share the also shares
in ground and that's it for this
tutorial on this partners tutorial the
next tutorial will work on the software
part to make sure that this method works